README.md, before:

# Programming Surveys Visualization

***Work In Progress***

This repository visualizes popular programming survey results (FreeCodeCamp, Stackoverflow & Github surveys).

Uses d3, bootstrap, jquery, node/ express (and possibly serverless).

__Roadmap for this version__
- [ ] Scripts for preprocessing survey data files (remove unnecessary columns, combine related columns etc)
- [ ] Preprocess (and load) all survey data files
- [x] Display data column headers (from a given data file) as clickable buttons
- [ ] Simple pie-chart visualization on column button on-click (for a given data file)
- [ ] Visualize each column data as pie/bar chart (on click)
- [ ] Visualize two (or more) columns together from one data file (correlation)
- [ ] Visualize same/ similar data columns together from two (or more) data files (comparision/ trend)
- [ ] Visualize unrelated data columns from two (or more) data files (flexible data insights)
- [ ] Node/Express server to load all the data/csv files
- [ ] Bootstrap for styling
- [ ] JQuery for DOM manipulations/ state management
- [ ] Move to serverless with the Serverless Framework

Commit message:

updated project scope and roadmap

README.md, after:

# Programming Surveys Visualization

***Work In Progress***

This repository visualizes popular programming survey results:

- [] FreeCodeCamp New Code Surveys 2016-17
- https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/2016-new-coder-survey   https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/2017-new-coder-survey
- [] Stackoverflow Developer Surveys 2011-2016
- https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey
- [] Github Open Source Survey 2017
- http://opensourcesurvey.org/2017/#data

__Tech Stack__
This project uses D3, Node, Bulma, Pug, SASS, Serverless.

__To Do__
- [ ] Scripts for preprocessing survey data files (remove unnecessary columns, combine related columns etc)
- [ ] Preprocess (and load) all survey data files
- [x] Display data column headers (from a given data file) as clickable buttons
- [ ] Simple pie-chart visualization on column button on-click (for a given data file)
- [ ] Visualize each column data as pie/bar chart (on click)
- [ ] Visualize two (or more) columns together from one data file (correlation)
- [ ] Visualize same/ similar data columns together from two (or more) data files (comparision/ trend)
- [ ] Visualize unrelated data columns from two (or more) data files (flexible data insights)
- [ ] Set up a pure node.js server (without any middleware) for routing
- [ ] Build and style the frontend using Bulma, Pug & SASS
- [ ] Use only vanilla javascript/ es6 (as far as possible)
- [ ] Move to serverless with the Serverless Framework, AWS Lambda and AWS Dynamodb
